So this is how we deploy our apps to the app stores which of course is one of the main reasons why you
often use ionic and capacitor but you are not limited to that all the time.
We were testing a web app in the browser so why don't we deploy it as such.
And actually we already got one.
Since we ran energy build prod early end is module we have to w w w folder which holds a web app that
can be used just like that that is ready to be deployed to a web server and actually left me showed
us to you by using firebase.
However I don't just want to publish a regular web app.
I want to publish a progressive web app now.
What turns a web into a progressive web app.
It still is a web app.
It just uses a service worker which can cache certain assets on the front end to serve your app faster
on subsequent requests and in general make your app feel a bit more native like whilst running in the
browser.
You can take my complete progressive web app course if you want to learn all about that exciting technology.
Turning an angular app in a progressive web app is straight forward.
You just run energy add at angular slash P. W8 for progressive web app and this will now configure does
angler project such that it automatically generates such a service worker that is responsible for that
caching and so on and basically sets up everything you need to have a progressive web.
Nothing else needed once all of that is done.
You'll have a GSW config Jason File which allows you to configure that service worker no more information
about that can be found on the official or docs under techniques.
Service workers MP w a dare you'll learn more about what you can configure there and how it works.
This generally sets up which of your assets will be cashed in which way and that caching again will
happen in the browser Once users have visited your page to make subsequent visits faster and potentially
even provide offline support.
Now with all of that added You don't need to change anything.
The defaults are pretty good and you can run energy build dash dash prod again to now build the angular
app again taking this new configuration into account.
Side note of course you can also set a fav icon for example here by adding icons into your assets folder
you get Ganguly right.
I can out of the box you can't replace that fab icon which is the iconic icon and d Android icons here
with your own icons that should have d sizes that are encoded here in the file names.
If you want to have your own icons for your web app as well I will not do it here.
Since it's not really a difficult task just a time consuming one.
Instead let's wait for it is built to finish and let me then show you how you could deploy this to firebase.
Though of course you can deploy it to any static host like AWP s as free or whatever your favorite static
website host is the static host thing is important though since it's a front end driven Web app with
HD Himmel front and JavaScript and CSX only you need no PSP or no J server on the back end you really
need only a host that is capable of serving HDMI all javascript and CSX like firebase hosting or a W
S as free.
So building the project finished.
Now I want to as I mention before deployed US to Firebase but just as an example.
You're not limited to FA base since you already added FA based cloud functions though adding hosting
is particularly easy.
You simply run firebase in it again in your project and we already added functions in the past.
Now we also add hosting here.
So simply check hosting and hit tap.
Now what do you want as your public directory.
Here will use w w w because that is the folder that holds our built assets we want to configure does
as a single page app.
Yes because that's what it is.
So enter a y here.
I don't want to override my ID next time I'll file instead I want to use the one I had and with that
we got this firebase Jason File with some configuration about the the hosting which you should leave
as it is the default should work here.
We can now run firebase deploy here and this will now deploy our cloud function as before but it will
also now deploy our Web app to Firebase hosting.
So let's wait for that to finish and once this is done you see the URL where your app will be hosted
at here.
Of course you can also connect your own domains here if you want to stick to Firebase hosting your official
box tell you more if I enter that domain here into the browser though I see my web app here and obviously
feel free to adjust this styling to whatever you want but this is now our web app.
As we build it throughout this course and as it all runs as a native app but now here in the browser
and it works just as it does on the mobile devices DSD app we built where we can book our events and
so on.
So that is our web app we built.
And you also learned how to deploy this app as a native app.
Therefore I hope you now have all the tools you need to build amazing apps use amazing features and
then of course deploy them to any platform you want to deploy them to.